---
layout: post
title: Brussel Sprouts
---
I was going to write an addendum to my post from yesterday, but I'm really tired and lazy. And I don't really want to write it. I mean I do want to write the post, I find writing these to be pretty theraputic~~, and I have my goals I want to meet~~. But for ~~post count~~ various reasons, I'm not going to write Music Preferences pt. 2 now. So instead, I'm going to talk about brussel sprouts. I think they're super unfairly stigmatized, not only do bruseel sprouts taste good, they're healthy and easy to make. But for whatever reason "Bruseel sprouts are bad" is part of the memeplex now, and so ~~picky people~~ kids *know* they wont like them, because everyone doesn't like them so they wont eat them, enforcing everyone else's view that no one like bruseel sprouts, and so on. 

I was going to make some sort of connection between eating brussel sprouts and me not wanthing to write these posts, but then I realized that doesn't make much sense ~~but I still need my post for today so I'm not going to let that stop me~~. Because while both things might seem like a chore before I start them, and I usually end up enjoying them, there's a mild(?) social stigma against eating bruseel sprouts, or at least that was my perception when I a kid who could still make new impressions about the world. While with blogging, I at least get some sort of nerd cred for them, or at least I hope I will :D And also, while writing might not bring me the maximum about of dopamine possible whilke at my computer, it is on the whole quite enjoyable, compared to eating brussel srpouts, which are *kind of bitter*. 

Actually that was the other thing I had to say about brussel sprouts, people have some sort of weird [ok not really] aversion to eating things that aren't optimally tasty. And it's not like I'm not free of this, given the choice between a pint of ice cream and some carrot sticks I'm going with the icecream approximately 100% of the time. But that doesn't mean we have to listen and give in to out System 1 urges, like, that's kind of the whole point of conciousness isn't it, to be able to plan things long term. And while it is kind of ironic that I'm *also* doing that in not writing the addendum, I'm still [sort of] doing the thing I'd rather not be doing, so that Totally Justifies my actions. 

So yeah, writing blog posts is more or less equivalent to eating brussel sprouts, because while both are good for you, there's *some* trepidation about doing both. ~~Man I'm really doing this effort post thing *really* well aren't I~~