---
layout: post
Title: Meta Music Preferences
---
Ok I'm finally going to get around to the adendum. The gist more or less is that, as a kind I got bullied (or at least ridiculed) about what music I liked and it clearly has scarred me for life. Well it at least scarred me for ten years or so. I don't really get apprehensive about the potential redicule for me liking certain things, though I guess I have become enough of a contrarian that I know like music *because* I know it's unpopular (at least in my cirlces). ~~Or I just like pop music because I have uncultured taste don't @ me.~~ 

Actually I've come around to have almost the *opposite* problem now, I **really fucking hate getting complemented.** Well, mostly anyways, but making bold statements and needing to defend them seems like a good way to work on my arguement skills. I think that this dislike manifests in two ways, worse performance, and physical discomfort. Very often, when I realize that I'm doing well, I'll immediately start doing worse. Now I don't really have any stats to prove this, and part of the issue with this is that *observing* my perceived performacne is what causes the potential issue. And while it's possible for me to note down when I thought I started doing worse after the fact, and keep logs from before and after, that seems like work so I'm going to go with the easier path: an annecdote. I've been rock climbing for a bit, and recently I was working on a climb that was difficult but not impossible for me, but I kept falling off because it was pretty hard. Then I had a good attempt, I made it really far, and someone noticed and was all "go Lenny, send that bitch", so I noticed that I was doing well, and then I fell. I think there's a similar pattern in video games of "oh wow I'm doing way better than normal" => perceiving that I'm actually doing worse after I notice. I'm not sure how much that applies to my school and work, but I do have the unfortunate though of "oh I've put in so much work, time to take a break" very frequently. 

There's also the possibility that I want to avoid doing well so that I can dodge the physical discomfort that follows. I've always been pretty bad at taking compliments, likely for some reason combining having high standards and self-esteem issues. And for some time, I'll ocasionally feel like my skin is crawling when people notice I'm doing well at whatever. Now I realize this is probably not normal, or healthy, and it's not like I *never* like gettting flattered, I'm just not sure what causes the skin crawling, and I'd really rather avoid that. Though I think it's my reaction to the "warm and fuzzies" than a lot of people describe. So as soon as I start feeling the wafs, that sensation will be replaced by feeling like my skin needs to be removed. This very often happens when I get the wafs from in-groupy feelings of camaraderie. And as we all know, there's no greater compliment someone can give you than them proclaiming you as part of their ingroup, and sharing media preferences is one of the easiest ways to subjugate yourself to that. 